and so now I will unpack
parcel that just brought mail
and who came to me from China this
box hoverboard
or otherwise called smartphone
Dunno you still call the electric scooter in
Generally such a thing cool on which
becoming
and she was going so well, that will start
I will unpack the exciting moment
one hand unpacks the other to take pictures
you can not know how it is
a box or what is a package inside
there is a little prune that's what we have
inside
these are booklets
so good and here it is a box of it
smartway
dachshund here pens we have let's now
let's open
one more box over probably something
type instructions smart scooter is charging
such a block weighs all this gizmo
the parcel is pretty decent about 13
kilogram so and then this colossus
stunned gave in the picture seems
a little less so as to get it
one hand wondering at least charged
rhinitis
and you like to take it, excuse me
had to turn a little oh yes he
it's really hard like that
let's see how it turns on here
we have a charge and you're probably turning on
judging by the sound and there now is burning
green light
and that it was so okay the light is on
in theory he should work on reading
take at least not to fall
you become on tax law
Tin ear this to get used to it even on
1 vibrates so importantly hold on ooh
e-my so bend down and go
have it turns out cool so turn around
lean forward slightly and she herself
rides importantly not too fast can
reach speeds of up to about 10
kilometers per hour so so so so so
calm calm just another time
two feet forward bend a little
so he drove evenly no more all
like to turn is better
it turns out so so so so stand
stand now back chest cool it
know who rode a horse even a horse
understands when you lower your eyes and
raise up here too some
the slightest change in the inclination of the hull this
the thing starts to go either forward or
back u class up feeling awesome so
Now to twist in the opposite direction from
calmly and calmly the christmas tree
I feel the baby again
need both adults and children
ten minutes of happiness provided
fantasy
straight such a tide of some I do not know there
adrenaline endorphin like his still
called
Yes, here I am for just how many three minutes
I learned to stand on it all ride
rather obladino vsky well if
Want to order such a thing too
write me in lichku or if by this
the video is a link then click on the link
and read more about it
device and can call me either
write and we will agree as you can
I wish you all happy everyone
also get so many joyful emotions
until